docs: enumerate supported SAN keys for Android certificates (#41472) (#44680)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Configuration/yaml-files.md

- `name` is the name of the certificate. Name can be used as a certificate alias to reference in configuration profiles (custom settings).
- `certificate_authority_name` is the name of the [certificate authority (CA)](#certificate-authorities) to issue the certificate from. Currently, only a custom SCEP CA is supported.
- `subject_name` is the certificate's subject name (SN). Separate subject fields with a comma (`,`). For example: "/CN=john@example.com/O=Acme Inc.".
- `subject_alternative_name` is the certificate's subject alternative name (SAN). Separate SAN fields with a comma (`,`). Each field is a key-value pair. Supported keys (case-insensitive) are:
  - `DNS` for a DNS hostname (e.g. `DNS=wifi.example.com`).
  - `EMAIL` for an email address / RFC 822 name (e.g. `EMAIL=john@example.com`).
  - `UPN` for a Microsoft User Principal Name (e.g. `UPN=john@corp.example.com`), commonly used for Active Directory / Intune Wi-Fi authentication.
  - `IP` for an IPv4 or IPv6 address (e.g. `IP=10.0.0.1` or `IP=2001:db8::1`).
  - `URI` for a URI (e.g. `URI=spiffe://example.com/workload/wifi`).

  Example: `"DNS=wifi.example.com, UPN=$FLEET_VAR_HOST_END_USER_IDP_USERNAME"`.

> You can use [Fleet's host variables](https://fleetdm.com/docs/configuration/yaml-files#variables) in `subject_name` and `subject_alternative_name` to make the certificate unique to each host.

Reviewer: Variables will be moved into a dedicated guide in 4.86. PR is still in review.
https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/pull/43212

> You can use [Fleet's host variables](https://fleetdm.com/docs/configuration/yaml-files#variables) in `subject_name` and `subject_alternative_name` to make the certificate unique to each host.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use [Fleet's host variables](https://fleetdm.com/guides/fleet-variables) in `subject_name` and `subject_alternative_name` to make the certificate unique to each host.
```
